I was out in the woods that way though
we got foals up here where the waters
comes down and I was taking a bath back
here on you guys to be my surprise I
guess what's in the trick what's that
they're lucky Swanson
what happened notice even when I turned
around that he was watching me I said uh
that's what it was they see me back
there taking a shower huh and you know I
tried to ditch him you know tried to get
away from him you know but he tackled me
pull my pants down so I threw him off
again that's another time I said I just
kept saying dear Lord what's going on
yeah you know I mean seems like all the
monsters wants me you know but he only
come up the waters towards my top docket
water of a comet water come up and his
hits kept pulling around looking for me
you know i don't know history he had a
dick to look like a pretty big one I
just look at it I said no not again you
know flesh colored fish and all that
kind of stuff yeah you know I might be a
bunch of boys down in there you never
know you know a bunch of boys bunch of
guys mentally didn't care it's up front
yeah all right yup he's up for anything
you know oh when I was going down
through my closets yeah I found all the
suits that I got in trouble with that he
was chasing here my dad was doing at all
did he question I'm about it yeah but
I questioned even then he said he didn't
do it but I know better than that's why
I left the house I didn't say it the
house before I mean he must my dad must
have been crazy you know ain't no way
you know I mean it was a little bit
strange in the first place but i really
go crazy yeah he really good crazy what
made him strange huh different things
when I was in the house like oh you
can't sit there you sit over here or you
go get me some water or you know like
like we was up in the hills said we had
to go go down to the spring and give
water and bring her water back yeah and
different things like had he say we'll
go out and get would you know because we
had a woodburner we weren't burnt to
would you know so I go out and get the
wooden bring the wood back Oh Eddie
enough would go back and get more to
these days I think he was trying to keep
me in the woods you know what I mean
yeah yeah and it's that one all the
monsters what a tell you that's the one
they all attacked me when when I was in
the woods I didn't realize that until
afterwards you know that he was trying
to get me in the woods that partying
mess it a little bit